Oh guys this is a video on Windows
software at this time I'm going to be
talking about playing classic games
without the use of an emulator so these
are this can be done on pretty much any
operating system all you need is an
internet browser flash installed
shockwave installed and a computer which
is fast enough to run flash games some
in 3d so it takes to have the fairly
fast computer I've got I've got 12 games
that are loaded up at the moment and it
you can see it's taking thirty-five
percent of my cpu and for four hundred
and fifty megabytes and more round just
to show you these flash games so some of
them are quite memory intensive so let's
begin I haven't included the games here
because there's 12 so I won't be able to
fit in the notepad part but here we go
here we start with Wolfenstein 3d I will
include other links in the description
for you to just run these games so as
you can see I'll Wolfenstein 3d I can
zoom in zoom out go forwards backwards
we'll shoot I suppose with Shift key yep
shift key is to shoot so these are a
popular remakes of classic games as you
can see i'm not very good so quite this
is quite good as I some done in 3d is
just a remake of Wolfenstein 3d
apologize for not being very good at
these games but either way this is
Wolfenstein 3d so you can see the
graphics were quite good on that there's
one called ultimate flash sonic and this
isn't the same as the original sonic
games this is just a flattering make of
it that someone's not got the copyright
for and just made their own version so
just a main game I'd show you I'll show
you the sounds that are makes but it
sounds like an arcade of all my games
going up just
psylocke a little arcade so I'm looking
to run the M sound for any of them right
so I'm going to choose select start game
and we're in zone one so I'm just going
to randomly show you what it looks like
and yeah I've timed already so that is a
flash sonic there is a flash Super Mario
so you just click that you'll complete
computer slow please don't turn down the
quality that's a good tip if you can't
get some of these two run on your if you
have a slower computer so here is fresh
so I'll flash Mario so this is some sort
of thing so this isn't against in the
official game but it's a remake of it
and it's good enough to play if you
don't know bother downloading emulators
and roms which downloading runs for
emulators if you don't know in the
original game is illegal anyway in
saying this is a legal way to play the
game so this is super mario flash
version tick pacman vote classic game
and you can see it's been made and flash
as well so you're a brief look when it
lets me as you can see so I computer is
kind of slightly struggling with some of
these games as I've got them all running
at once and obviously they take up
memory so next one is mortal kombat or
just call myself i would just okay this
is done in shock wave i believe that's
as fight it's got these it's a little
bit slow again this may be because of my
fact that i'm running them all at once
so yeah I've don't know the controls so
I randomly pressing buttons here there
we go see seems to do something kicking
stuff like that so that is mobile combat
sorry i'm not going to these in-depth
we've got a cylinder flash game again
this may not be like the original or
having played zelda before bob heard its
popular game so suppose you need to get
that key and put it somewhere rolls
around doing things so this is it the
zelda flash game someone's made a 3d
version of Frogger so my name again
play again in a while you'll croak if
you get hit by a car press space as you
can see has made a flash version of
Frogger it's going to try get across the
road and across the water I've died
about so that is freely praga as tom has
made a game in shock wave called duck
hunt if you remember duck hunt this was
on the olden days of lean but this is a
version where you just look wait for the
Ducks it used to be able to use a light
gun with this the old school like guns
and don't got it this is quite addictive
game if you have a mr. and if you have
had anaise another one is donkey kong
how hard can you get just shows you this
is done i think on the news as well so
here we are i think this is luigi from
mario vs a bit slow i'm not sure offices
the game or if it's actually my fat doll
running all these flash games that makes
it slower so you got trying apsa top of
the ladders all excitement trying to
avoid the barrels straight fire song has
made a flash version of that this looks
to be it should be a flash game some of
these when you get look for them so can
we do anything say me use only look for
them they'll come up with a movie of
them instead of a game but you just got
search just search your favorite game
into Google and say a flash game
something like that so there i'm doing
street fire this looks a lot to be like
Mortal Kombat there we go some haven't
been done I was looking for wellness for
a streets of rage and I don't think it's
been done yet so well that's straight
for you someone's done lemmings remember
the old lemmings game sorry got crews
from as well so you can save them so we
just plan its own play hopefully this
will load up loading level one this
looks like a actual remake of lemmings
so this is the classic lemmings game you
could download for windows and so you
just say I would like to choose him to
do that and then you see all the
lemmings
I like then they need to go to the
destination point so another good
addictive game and you can play another
one prince of persia this is game over i
just left it running this way so this is
the principle going not sure if this is
anything like the original again I
haven't played it so if it's not then
feel free to have a got me in the
description but this is all for
copyright reasons some of these people
don't own the original gang war they
haven't had permission to make a remake
of it so have slightly changed the
gameplay or slightly change in name so
that is prince of persia and yep that's
about it really so these are loads of
different classic games that you can
have on your computer are without the
use of an emulator which they either
have the same gameplay as the original
like I can Wolfenstein does or they have
they are very similar in gameplay like
Super Mario so let's watch my video is
there anything you recommend please
leave a link in the description so
everyone can go onto if you've made a
flash game of a of an old a retro game
and then please write a comment and
please rate and subscribe to my videos
if you like them